We're basically done with our background.
There's just one last adjustment I want to make before we finish up.
And that is to bring down the opacity on our floating islands.
And the reason for this is because the further away something is the lighter it's going to be like our
mountains in the background for example.
So what we're going to do is we're just going to select their folder and bring down the opacity and
that will bring down the opacity of all the layers in that folder.
We're going to bring down the opacity on our smaller floating island to about 50 percent then we're
going to select our larger floating island and we'll bring that opacity down to about 90 percent.
Remember there is not one sure way to create digital artwork.
There's all kinds of different ways.
And I've just taught you the techniques that I use to create my digital artwork and I hope they help
you in creating art for your games or backgrounds or jobs creating games and backgrounds.
If you have any questions go ahead and ask.
I will be answering every single question that I get from this course.
I also appreciate constructive feedback and a rating from you.
I hope you've enjoyed this course and that it's been helpful for you.
And you can go ahead and move onto the bonus part of this chorus which is where and how to find jobs
doing this.